Hi, monitor Fengxiang is really a woman's eighteenth change
It's getting prettier.
What do you hate to talk about?
By the way, how did you get expelled from school?
What have you been doing all these years?
Why don't you come to work at the class reunion?
Blame Yang Bingbing
That bitch must have expelled you from school
Isn't this Song Jia?
Oops, you are getting more and more beautiful, your face and body hahaha
Yo, isn't this Zhang Cheng?
You are still alive
What are you doing now?
What else can a fired trash do?
Part-time job, of course.
Ouch, Zhang Cheng.
You are the favorite of our class after all.
It's embarrassing to go to work
I happen to be short of a driver
If you pick up this key and wipe it clean
I'll let you be my driver
How to grow up he deserves it
Did you dare to be a rival in love with Zhao Zipeng when you were in school?
I didn't expect Zhao Zipeng, who was at the bottom of the grades that year, to rise to the top
And the Man of the Year charter has become a waste
Wow, Brother Zhao has developed, no, no, no.
Did you make a little money?
I wanted to buy a $1 million Land Rover
It turned out to be too high-profile.
Did you buy an A6?
Zhang Cheng, did you hear it?
Brother Zhao is now booming
If you become Brother Zhao's dog
Oh, no, the driver will eat and drink spicy food in the future, and you will be indispensable.
Quickly pick up Brother Zhao's key